### Distributed Monitoring Solutions for the Seattle Testbed

Seattle Testbed is an open peer-to-peer cloud computing that operates on shared resources of computers donated by users and institutions worldwide. By providing a safe and contained environment with support for multiple platforms, Seattle is ideal for use in cloud computing, peer-to-peer networking, mobile computing, and distributed systems. Users can install Seattle on their local machines and run their test codes in a sandboxed environment established by Seattle to limit consumption of resources such as CPU, memory, storage space, and network bandwidth. Each local machine running Seattle in this manner is called a vessel (or virtual machine).

The processes of distributing resources and maintaining all functions of Seattle depend on three central infrastructure components of the testbed: the Seattle Clearinghouse, the Custom Installer Builder, and the Software Updater. The Seattle Clearinghouse relies on the advertise services to announce a user-specific public key to track the donated resources as well as to make them available to registered users. The Custom Installer Builder combines the base Seattle installer with the users' public keys to provide them with more control of their vessels. The Software Updater assures that the latest Seattle is available to the users. 

The purpose of this project is to build a suite of monitoring tools for the entire Seattle infrastructure. The targets to be monitored includes the three central components as well as the advertise services and the Zenodotus. The implementation of the monitoring tools take into account the metrics, the locations where the tools run, the users of the tools, and the notification system. A few of the monitoring processes are already implemented in the current library of integration tests. However, access to these tests is limited to developers and administrators. This project is to implement the monitoring tools such that public users can also check the status of all Seattle components. 