### Distributed Monitoring Solutions for the Seattle Testbed

Seattle Testbed is an open-source, peer-to-peer cloud computing platform that operates on shared resources of computers donated by users and institutions worldwide. By providing a safe and contained environment with support for multiple platforms, Seattle enables its users to run their test codes in a sandboxed environment that limits the consumption of resources and, hence, allows the users to run experiments without compromising the host machines. Each machine running Seattle in this manner is called a vessel. The processes of distributing resources and maintaining all functions of Seattle depend on three central infrastructure components of the testbed: Seattle Clearinghouse, Custom Installer Builder, and Software Updater. 

The purpose of this project is to build a suite of monitoring tools for the entire Seattle infrastructure. The targets to be monitored includes the three central components as well as the advertise service. The Seattle Clearinghouse relies on the advertise service to announce a user-specific public key to track and propagate the donated resources. The Custom Installer Builder allows the users to customize the configuration of their vessels. The Software Updater assures that the latest Seattle is available to the users. The design criteria of the monitoring tools include the metrics, the locations where the tools run, the users of the tools, and the notification system. Although a few of the monitoring processes have already been implemented in the integration tests library, access to these tests is limited to the system administrators. This project is to implement the monitoring tools such that public users can also check the status of all components directly on the command shell. Because Seattle is deployed on over 20,000 computers worldwide, increasing the accessibility of the monitoring tools will also increase the overall scalability of the platform.